== README

= About

Textile.Co bought a punch card machine that can send a HTTP's JSON POST payloads to a
server and wants to use it to track arrivals and departures of employees. Working hours for
employees are from 9 am to 6 pm, Monday to Friday.

The customer wants you to implement the following features:

1. Your customer wants to be able to see which employees are arriving late.

2. Your customer wants to know which employees are not coming to work at all.

3. Your customer’s employees are complaining that the reported hours for a given period
are wrong, so your customer wants to give each of his employees the opportunity to
review their current period working hours report 3 days before the paycheck day.

The JSON must be sent to localhost:3000/checkpoints for the creation of the checkpoint with the user's barcode.

*Three-point estimation for each feature*
1. Your customer wants to be able to see which employees are arriving late.
a = 60 minutes
m = 80 minutes
c = 100 minutes

2. Your customer wants to know which employees are not coming to work at all.
a = 40 minutes
b = 60 minutes
c = 80 minutes

3. Your customer wants to give each of his employees the opportunity to review their current period working hours report 3 days before the paycheck.
a = 30 minutes
b = 40 minutes
c = 60 minutes

= Models.

*Employee*

Used to store employee's data.

- *name:string* : The name of the employee.

- *barcode:integer* : The id on the badge of the employee.

- *department_id:integer* : The user's department. Different departments have different arrival/departure times and arrival/departure time tolerances.


*Department*

Used to store each department requirements.

- *name:string* : The name of the department.

- *arrival_time:time* : The time of the employee's permitted arrival to the company.

- *departure_time:time* : The time of the employee's permitted departure from the company.

- *arrival_tolreance:integer* : The arrival tolerance time in minutes permitted by this department.

- *departure_tolerance:integer* : The departure tolerance time in minutes permitted by this department.

- *working_hours:integer* : The total working time in hours for the department.

- *lunch_start:time* : The time when the lunch starts.

- *lunch_finish:time* : The time when the lunch finishes.


*Checkpoint*

Used to store each of the employee's arrival and departure times and dates.


- *arrival:time* : The time of the employee's arrival to the company.

- *departure:time* : The time of the employee's departure from the company.

- *date:date* : The current date of the checkpoint.

- *barcode:integer* : The id on the badge of the employee.

= Known bugs
1. When creating a new Employee, a Checkpoint entry with the user barcode must already exist. If the entry does not exist, the Employee will be created but an exception will be thrown.
